The Hamilton Computer Club (also known as the Hamilton PC Club) is a group of 
individual personal computer users who help each other learn more about their 
personal computers and their wide variety of applications. The club meets on 
the second Thursday of each month – Visitors welcome, supper provided, gold 
coin donation appreciated.

May meeting

Date - Thursday 12 May 7pm

Venue - ‘Te Whare o Te Ata’ Community House, 60A Sare Crescent, Fairfield, Hamilton

Several short demonstrations by members
– as many as we have time for from this list,
starting with the most popular on the night:

Making presentation slides using free Open Source programmes Inkscape and SOZI
    
Gaining access to your files on your old hard drive from your new computer
    
Modifying and applying styles in documents and conditional formatting in spreadsheets
    
Recording changes in documents and changes between documents
    
Removing silences from audio files using audacity
    
Creating a blog on a WordPress website
    
Fixing some of those annoying little problems
    
Members most useful tips and discoveries.

Come and join in with your own contribution.

Schedule:

7pm:        Informal get-together and exchange of views

7.30pm:  Members’ short demonstrations

9pm:       Supper and social get-together

 
May Workshop:

Date:           Saturday 14th May, 2016, 10am – 3:30pm

Venue:        ‘Te Whare o Te Ata’ Community House, 60A Sare Crescent, Fairfield, Hamilton

Bring your PC or computing device. Learn and share computer skills. Do some 
trouble-shooting. Catch up on the latest developments in the mobile and 
digital world.

Visitors welcome. A gold coin donation will be appreciated.

map

(click image for map)

Visitors welcome. A gold coin donation appreciated.

Membership $25 a year (year end December 31st)

What our club offers:

We meet every month to have a presentation on a topic of current interest
    
We have a help session to start with and opportunity for informal exchanges.
    
On the following Saturday we have a workshop where members can bring their PCs 
for trouble-shooting and to learn or try out new skills.
    
We have a small Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT) Members can phone for 
help to solve problems which can’t wait till the next workshop.

